Thank you all so much for being here tonight.

You know, last week, I congratulated Senator Obama when he finished
first and I finished second in Iowa. One race down. Tonight, I
congratulate Senator Clinton and Senator Obama, two races
down. Forty-eight states left to go.

So up until now, about 0.5 percent of Americans have voted; 99
percent-plus have not voted. And those 99 percent deserve to have their
voices heard, because we have had too much in America of people's voices
not being heard. I have met too many Americans whose voices have not
been heard in this democracy.

Just this past week, I spent time with the family of Nataline
Sarkisyan. Nataline is a 17-year-old girl who, just a few weeks ago,
desperately needed a liver transplant. Her parents had health insurance
with one of the biggest insurance companies in America.

They asked for the insurance company to pay for her liver transplant
operation, and they rejected them. Then, the doctors came to her
aid. They spoke up on her behalf. The nurses spoke up on her behalf. And
then the insurance company said no again.

Finally, the family stood up and fought. They started to march and
picket, along with many other Americans, in front of the offices of this
insurance company.

And the insurance company finally gave in, but it was too late. And a
few hours later, Nataline lost her life.

A few months ago, I met a 51-year-old man in the mountains of Virginia
named James Lowe. James had been born with a severe cleft
pallet. Because he had a cleft pallet, he could not speak.

A simple operation would have fixed his problem, but he had no health
care coverage. And so he couldn't pay for it. Finally, somebody
voluntarily fixed his cleft pallet, and now he can speak.

The problem is they fixed it when he was 50 years old. James Lowe lived
for 50 years in the United States of America not able to speak because
he had no health care coverage.

Tonight, a man or a woman whose name is unknown, who served this country
patriotically and wore the uniform of the United States of America, will
go to sleep under a bridge or on a grate, homeless.

You know, we've had too many Americans whose voices have not been heard
in this democracy. That's what this battle is about.

It is not about me. It is about the cause of giving voice to all of
those whose voices are not being heard in this democracy.


Tonight, we stand at a crossroads in the history of America. It is not
that we don't know what it is we aspire to. We know exactly what we
aspire to: universal health care; attacking global warming; and
protecting the environment; ending poverty in the United States of
America; standing up for American jobs and for the creation of American
jobs.

The question is not what we aspire to. The question is, how do we get
there? What will it take?

Four years ago, I spoke a great deal about the need for hope and
inspiration in America. During this campaign, I've spoke about the need
for principled action and the need for change in the United States of
America.

We know what needs to be done. The only question is whether we have the
backbone, and the will, and the determination to go there.

And here's what I have to say about this. Because of people like Alexis,
who's a young woman who spoke to me this afternoon who has a serious
health condition, and who has made thousands and thousands of phone
calls on my behalf, because of the men and women of organized labor, the
carpenters, the steelworkers, the service employee workers, because of
those who have called, and knocked on doors, and worked tirelessly on
behalf of this cause, this cause to create the America that all of us
believe in, because of that, I want to be absolutely clear to all of you
who have been devoted to this cause, and I want to be clear to the 99
percent of Americans who have not yet had the chance to have their
voices heard, that I am in this race to the convention, that I intend to
be the nominee of my party.

And I am in this race until we have actually restored the American dream
and strengthened and restored the middle class of America.

And so I ask all of you here and all of you who can hear the sound of my
voice, the 99 percent whose voices have not yet been heard in this
democracy, to join us in this grassroots campaign to create the kind of
America that all of us believe in.

God bless you. Thank you for being here. It's my privilege to be with
you. Thank you.
